# Doctics build by Team Konfav  ## Doctor Booking Application  This is a code repository for the Problem Statement 2 in the Tech-A-Thon 3.0 organised in GBU, Gautam Buddh Nagar  ## Problem Statement 2  Create a meeting scheduler where any user can schedule a meeting with another using an unique link according to their time slots available. Public User: ● User can schedule a meeting from admin user link on available time slots. ● User should input his full name, email and notes for the scheduled meeting. Admin User: ● Admin user can create a link for meeting with desired time slots. ● Display the list of all the meetings created under the link   # What we did?  1. We created a user interface using React and Ant Design. 2. We decided the user flow. 3. We broke the problem and designed the database model. 4. In the database model we designed schema for both doctor and user. 5. The user can check availability of the doctors and can book appointment. 6. Any normal user can apply to be doctor which can be approved or blocked by the admin. 7. We used nodejs and express for the Rest API. 8. We used mongodb as our databse. 9. We deployed frontend on Netlify. 10. We deployed backend on Heroku.   # What we learnt during Tech-A-Thon 3.0?  1. We learnt the difficulties faced by the developers in the process of development. 2. Knew the way the team works to build in the limited time period. 3. We happen to face real world problems with the time constraint and happened to solve them with greater motivation. 4. Tech-A-Thon 3.0 helped us connect to some of the great developers that also joint the event on 24 September 2022. 5. Sir motivated us to solve real world problems in addition to learning CP and DSA.
